---------------------
RELEASE 3.1.4
--------------------- 

Unbundled the DSA bundle into two packages that should be installed
in the following order: modelUtils and DSA

---------------------
RELEASE 3.1.3
--------------------- 

Fixed a bug that did not allow to use weights when "usersplits" was
specified.

---------------------
RELEASE 3.1.2
---------------------

Fix for a memory boundary error that could cause the DSA to crash with
a segmentation fault when the base model is the intercept model for a
binary outcome with rare events.

---------------------
RELEASE 3.1.1
---------------------

The error message obtained when the base model (forced terms) cannot
be fitted on one of the training sets was made explicit.

---------------------
RELEASE 3.1.0
---------------------

* The DSA algorithm has been further improved to significantly reduce
the computing time.

* The search though the space of candidate estimators can now be
customized with the arguments "Dmove" and "Smove". For more
information on this new feature, please read the help file
corresponding with the DSA routine. 

---------------------
RELEASE 3.0.2
---------------------

* The memory requirements for long DSA jobs have been lowered.

* Further speed improvements have been implemented.

* Fix for a bug when plotting a DSA object with the plot.compare=TRUE
  option.

---------------------
RELEASE 3.0.1
---------------------

Fix for a bug about incorrect memory management (objects not freed
when no longer needed).

---------------------
RELEASE 3.0.0
---------------------

* The DSA algorithm has been improved to significantly reduce the
computing time.

* Estimator selection for categorical outcomes is now available by
specifying family=multinomial.

* The dimension reduction step is no longer implemented by default but
can be requested by specifying the rank.cutoffs argument.

---------------------
RELEASE 2.2.2
---------------------

We fixed a bug which could cause the DSA to stop prematurely with an
error message with binomial models if one of the model selected on a
training set could not be fit on the corresponding test set
(non-convergence).

---------------------
RELEASE 2.2.1
---------------------

* We fixed a bug in the algorithm used to fit binomial models (and
compute the residuals) which caused arithmetic underflows/overflows.

* The user can now control two different tolerance values used to
compare floating points and determine convergence or rank deficiency
when fitting models.

---------------------
RELEASE 2.2.0
---------------------

* A dimension reduction step is now implemented as part of the DSA
routine based on a ranking of all candidate variables and a
user-specified set of rank cut-offs. For more information on this new
feature, please read the help file corresponding with the DSA routine.

* The summary routine for a DSA object and the DSA object itself now
also provide additional information about the dimension reduction
step. See the help files for more details.

* Cross-validated risks for the model selected with the DSA routine or
computed with the crossValidate routine can now be computed for the
intercept model.

---------------------
RELEASE 2.1.4
---------------------

* We fixed a bug in the DSA output which could cause the reported
cross-validated risk for the model selected
(average.CVrisk.model.selected) to be incorrect when the model
selected did not conform to the constraints maxsumofpow=maxorderint=1.

* We fixed the same bug which also concerned the routine crossValidate
and fixed a bug which caused crossValidate to ignore the argument
nsplits.

---------------------
RELEASE 2.1.3
---------------------

We fixed a bug which lead a DSA call to stop prematurely with an error
message when the number of candidate variables in data is one only.

---------------------
RELEASE 2.1.2
---------------------

We fixed a bug which could lead a DSA call to be prematurely
interrupted with an "Illegal forced terms; Design matrix singular."
error message when nsplits>1.

---------------------
RELEASE 2.1.1
---------------------

* The arguments 'nfolds' and 'vsplits' have been renamed 'vfold' and
'usersplits' respectively.

* The DSA routine has a new option 'nsplits' which allow the
cross-validation procedure to be based on data splits corresponding
with multiple v-fold splits of the data (see 'help(DSA)').

* Model comparison based on empirical or cross-validated risks is now
based on the computer's machine epsilon on which the DSA is
run. Before this release, models with risk differences below 1e-8 were
considered equivalent. To check the value of your machine epsilon,
type '.Machine$double.eps' in R.
	
---------------------
RELEASE 2.1.0
---------------------

* The DSA routine now returns not only the final model selected with
cross-validation but also the list of models for each size considered
corresponding with the 'best' order of interaction selected with
cross-validation.

* A new routine called 'DSAgenerate' has been added to the package as
a way to run the DSA without cross-validation and thus obtain a list
of 'best' candidate models for a user-specified order of interaction
(not necessarily selected with cross-validation). This routine should
be especially useful after the user has carefully considered the DSA
graphs obtained with the routine 'plot' (see 'help(plot.DSA)').

* One-column response variables which are factors are now supported 
by the DSA.

* We fixed a bug where the user could force terms which are not
linearly independent (the design matrix X is such that XX' is not of
full rank).

* We fixed a bug where the user could pass in to the DSA routine an
incorrect object for 'weights'.

---------------------
RELEASE 2.0.2
---------------------

* We fixed a bug which caused R to crash when 'silent=FALSE' and the
final model selected by the DSA is the intercept model.

* We modified the message level used when 'silent=FALSE'. It used to
be 2 and is now 0. Note that the message level is -1 when 'silent' is
referenced and set to 'TRUE'.

* We provided further details on how to use the argument 'silent' with
the DSA routine (see 'help(DSA)').

* We fixed a bug which prevented 'N NON-NA' to be printed after a call
to 'summary'.

---------------------
RELEASE 2.0.1
---------------------

We fixed a bug which caused R to crash when the user called the DSA
with the explicit argument "weights=NULL".

---------------------
RELEASE 2.0.0
---------------------

* The signature for the DSA routine is now in line with common R
routines like 'glm' and 'gee' which should make calls to the DSA
easier for new users.

* The learning data set is now provided in one chunk with the data
frame 'data', i.e. there are no more 'Ylearn', 'Xlearn' arguments.

* Factors (categorical variables) can now be handled by the DSA
routine, i.e. dummy variables are created automatically. An important
caveat is that factors are only partially supported in terms forced in
the final model. We hope to fully support factors in future releases
of the DSA package.

* The object returned by the DSA is now a class: the method 'print',
'summary', 'predict', 'plot' can be applied to it.

* The average cross-validated risk for the final model selected by the
DSA is now returned along with the average cross-validated risk
associated with its size and interaction order.

* The welcome message following 'library(DSA)' or 'require(DSA)' is
now more informative to better track and solve bugs. Please, report
any bugs with the information contained in the welcome message.

* The messaging level can be changed by the R user with
'setDSAMessageLevel'. This capability should be most useful to
developers only. Regular users may only want to change the messaging
level from the default value -1 to 0 to get more information about the
computation progress for long jobs launched in BATCH mode. We do not
recommend higher messaging levels values for non-developers.

* An email list has been created to keep interested users updated
about the development of this package. Please email
'bullard@stat.berkeley.edu' or 'romain@stat.berkeley.edu' if you wish
to be added to or removed from the list.
